Navigation restructuring (#403)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/core-concepts/data-type.md

---
title: "Data types"
description: "A type of financial data"
tags:
  - Core concept
---

> In Codat, each type of data you want to retrieve for a given company is represented by a 'data type'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Codat, each type of data you want to create, update, or retrieve for a given company is represented by a data type.
```

## Data type categories

<ul className="card-container">
  <li className="card">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Calculator.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Accounting</h3>
    </div>
    <p>

>       For example, invoices.

Reviewer: says Invoices on all 4 cards :)
